let's do a help I'm going to do
essence of rum well because the kilos in
house and this for good the best good
so that you like these older people is that
I think your thing is to take the same
amount of liquid that sugar if
we took a glass of cognac for example
We will remove a glass of water and
we will add more sugar because the liquid
will come up with the cognac of the question that
the liquid teques in them
portions the same amounts as the
sugar good once said that
we understand the fire
Water
and we put the sugar
and the only thing we're going to do
for do
in the background
it looks white sugar disappears
an electro occurred
what we will do is throw the 6 the
cognac glass
you pour the whiskey cognac
whatever you want, whatever you want
say once you have done the first
boil
and we wait again for another
once a workshop life again turned off the
fire and let it cool well
in case you are well adults and you
like the flavor of cognac instead of
Take the glass and let it come back to
make another boil what you have to
to do is once it has served to turn off the
fire and when it has already tempered
your syrup
you pour the cognac and the oar you see a
mouse because the syrup is cold
evaporate the alcohol you want and
then it will be well charged
I for example will make the first boil that
I disappear no sugar that I have under
and I'll throw a few drops of rum because
as I said in my case of kids and it
I'd throw it cold so that some flavor
of
now we just have to wait
to the white background that is the
sugar disappear
as you can see the sugar from
background has already disappeared now only me
it is expected to start boiling
It will not take long and put out the fire
well there you are watching how it starts
boil it automatically turned off the
fire
as I said before what you want to throw
Cognac but do not know very strong now
that started to boil I was throwing and the glass
of cognac then clear the temperature
go back down and wait again for
return to boil the second time
Boil appears fire and ready to reserve
to which temper to then look for our
Biscuit
that you want it stronger, you just make a
boil when you cool milk in the dram
of cognac close movement of cognac whiskey
what you want what you want the liquor
what do you want
and now wait for it to cool and I'll throw
a few droplets of rum essence
good
and I have put a slice of the sponge cake
As you can see, I have them cut more or less
equal parts
a silicone brush
as you have
and damage it to your liking against more
Echéis mojadito is going to stay
that already
to taste